docs: adyen malformed price (#6361)
vuestorefront/vue-storefront: packages/core/docs/integrations/adyen.md

  * `buildRedirectUrlAfter3ds1Auth` - deprecated in favor of `buildRedirectUrlAfterAuth`
  * `buildRedirectUrlAfterError` - `(err: Error) => string` - A method that tells the server where to redirect the user if error has been thrown inside `cardAuthAfterRedirect` controller.
  * `buildRedirectUrlAfter3ds1Error` - deprecated in favor of `buildRedirectUrlAfterError`

>   * `buildRedirectUrlIfMalformedPrice` - `(err: Error) => string` - A method that tells the server where to redirect the user if the total price of the cart has changed during the 3DS1 Flow. In this case, you should rediect a user to the payment's view and ask to provide payment data once again (now price should be updated).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `buildRedirectUrlIfMalformedPrice` - `(err: Error) => string` - A method that tells the server where to redirect the user if the total price of the cart has changed during the 3DS1 Flow. In this case, you should redirect a user to the payment's view and ask to provide payment data once again with the updated price.
```

```ts
type PaymentAndOrder = Payment & { order: Order }
```

5. Add an `origin` to the allowed origins in Adyen's dashboard. You can do it in the same place where you looked for the `clientKey`.

> 6. Commercetools shares [Adyen integration](https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-adyen-integration). We recommend to deploy it as a Google Function or an AWS Lambda. Make sure to configure and deploy both [extension](https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-adyen-integration/tree/master/extension) and [notification](https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-adyen-integration/tree/master/notification) module. Check readme of [the repository](https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-adyen-integration) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Commercetools shares [Adyen integration](https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-adyen-integration). We recommend deploying it as a Google Function or an AWS Lambda. Make sure to configure and deploy both [extension](https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-adyen-integration/tree/master/extension) and [notification](https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-adyen-integration/tree/master/notification) module. Check readme of [the repository](https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-adyen-integration) for details.
```

> :::warning Bigger permissions for extensions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::warning Extensions need higher permissions
```

> As you can see in `commercetools-adyen-integration` repository, commercetools recommends to use `manage_project` scope for both notification and extension module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see in the `commercetools-adyen-integration` repository, commercetools recommends using the `manage_project` scope for both notification and extension modules.
```

Read [Adyen's document about the Klarna](https://docs.adyen.com/payment-methods/klarna#supported-countries) to check which Klarna payment methods are available for individual countries.

:::warning Email Address

> Klarna requires shopper's email address to work correctly. It will be read from `cart.customerEmail` with fallback to the `cart.customer.email` field. Make sure to put it in one of these.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Klarna requires the shopper's email address to work correctly. It will be read from `cart.customerEmail` with fallback to the `cart.customer.email` field. Make sure to put it in one of these.
```

:::

:::warning Phone number

> If your users can provide a phone number then make sure it is with **area code**. Otherwise, Klarna will throw an error because of an improper phone number format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your users can provide a phone number, make sure it includes the **area code**. Otherwise, Klarna will throw an error because of an improper phone number format.
```

};
```

Read [Adyen's document about the Afterpay](https://docs.adyen.com/payment-methods/afterpaytouch) to check which countries and currencies are supported.

:::warning Email Address

> Afterpay requires shopper's email address to work correctly. It will be read from `cart.customerEmail` with fallback to the `cart.customer.email` field. Make sure to put it in one of these.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Afterpay requires the shopper's email address to work correctly. It will be read from `cart.customerEmail` with fallback to the `cart.customer.email` field. Make sure to put it in one of these.
```

```

#### Methods
* `createContext` - Loads a cart, then fetching available payment methods for the loaded cart. At the end, a method stores a response inside `paymentObject`.
* `buildDropinConfiguration` - `(config: AdyenConfigBuilder): any` - Builds a configuration object for Adyen's Web Drop-In.

> * `payAndOrder` - Setting value of the custom field called `makePaymentRequest` in the commercetools' payment object. Commercetools will send it to the Adyen and give you the response. As a last step, a method is storing a response inside the `paymentObject`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `payAndOrder` - Setting value of the custom field called `makePaymentRequest` in the commercetools' payment object. Commercetools will send it to the Adyen and give you the response. As the last step, a method is storing a response inside the `paymentObject`.
```

> * `submitAdditionalPaymentDetails` - Setting value of the custom field `submitAdditionalPaymentDetailsRequest` in the commercetools' payment. Commercetools will send it to the Adyen and give you the response. As a last step, a method is storing a response inside the `paymentObject`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `submitAdditionalPaymentDetails` - Setting value of the custom field `submitAdditionalPaymentDetailsRequest` in the commercetools' payment. Commercetools will send it to the Adyen and give you the response. As the last step, a method is storing a response inside the `paymentObject`.
```

* `onError` - `(data: { action: string, error: Error | string }) => void` - Called after we got an error from either Adyen or our API.

## Placing an order

> If the transaction is authorized, the server's controller for `payAndOrder`/`submitAdditionalPaymentDetails` will place an order in Commercetools and apply the `order` object to the response. Thanks to that, we have only one request from the client to both finalize/authorize a payment and make an order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the transaction is authorized, the server's controller for `payAndOrder`/`submitAdditionalPaymentDetails` will place an order in commercetools and apply the `order` object to the response. Thanks to that, we have only one request from the client to both finalize/authorize payment and make an order.
```

- [Notification Module](https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-adyen-integration/blob/master/notification/docs/HowToRun.md#commercetools-project-requirements).   

For more information, see the 6th step of the [Adyen's installation guide](./adyen.html#installation).

### Klarna Pay Later does not work for United States
Klarna Pay Later is not supported in the United States. However, sometimes it is added when you enable Klarna in Adyen's dashboard. If you have this problem, contact Adyen's support to remove it.

### 3DS2 Auth doesn't work in one environment
There might be a situation when you can finish 3DS2 Auth in the local environment but not in the other, like staging. When this happens, make sure to change `origin` in the `middleware.config.js` from `http://localhost:3000` to the URL of your staging environment. 

### Structure of DetailsRequest contains the following unknown fields...
Update extension and notification modules to the [newest available version](https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-adyen-integration/releases) by updating the tag in `extension.Dockerfile` and `notification.Dockerfile`.

> ### What if a user modifies the cart's total price during the payment flow?
> We check if the cart's total price equals payment's amount in every step of the payment flow. If it doesn't match we are:
> 1. stopping the process immediately,
> 2. removing a payment object from the commercetools,
> 3. redirecting back a user to the payment step.
> 4. showing an announcement about the mismatch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What if a user modifies the cart's total price during the payment flow?
We check if the cart's total price equals the payment's amount in every step of the payment flow. If it doesn't match we are:
1. stopping the process immediately,
2. removing a payment object from the commercetools,
3. redirecting back a user to the payment step.
4. showing an announcement about the mismatch.
```

> ### How will the component recognize if a user had a price mismatch during the 3DS1 flow?
> The component looks for route's query parameter called `adyen-err`. If it's value equals `malformed-price` - user had a price mismatch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How will the component recognize if a user had a price mismatch during the 3DS1 flow?
The component looks for the route's query parameter called `adyen-err`. If its value equals `malformed-price` - the user had a price mismatch.
```
